okay this week I want to go over adding
large decals to your car it's not a very
hard job to do but it's just going to
take a little bit of time and patience
making sure it gets done what I'm going
to do is I'm going to add an eco Club
com sticker to the back of my window
it's very curved so I need to take my
time and positioning it I've already
cleaned it with just a simple water and
dish soap solution using a rag that
doesn't leave a lot of lint that way I
can put it in place it's not gonna have
a problem sticking now I've already
position it in place i'm using just some
simple painters tape just to hold it in
place i did have to cut it a little bit
just so i can fit it to the curvature of
the window but now that I've got it in
place we use my solution that I already
cleaned it with let's pray behind it and
get ready to put it on okay i'm just
using a simple spray bottle here sprayed
behind just the red and the blue stripe
here taking the back off and it's plenty
wet now i'm going to use this simple
squeegee that I got down my local
hardware store for a dollar just
something a hard plastic and I'm going
to go from the center out I'm going to
slowly take out the bubbles behind the
sticker here the water is just going to
help if I need to move it around right
keep a good ability to take all the
bubbles out just go patiently and behind
it keep going till I have all the air
bubbles out and then once I have them
out I can take the front piece off and
it'll have the sticker behind it while
you're doing this just take a lot of
time make sure you have every little air
bubble out once you have it done I'll
continue on this and I'll meet you back
right okay I've already got the blue the
red and blue stripe on now I've taken
the back off the lettering here I
sprayed the window to take my time get
all the air bubbles out of this and then
we can pull the front piece off I have a
Doug okay now I've got it all the
letters wet out and I start feeling at
the front just remember you're going to
have to take your time doing this the
letters are still going to be a little
bit behind them because of the water and
they're going to have a tendency to want
to pull up so as you do it just go piece
by piece taking your time doing it and
they'll all come out easy okay rendre
last little bit here let's make this
last piece off that we have
and then we're done gone through and
take it's done to the magic of video
here didn't take me that long but this
actually took me about 20 minutes to get
this done make sure all the air bubbles
out and done properly you have any other
questions about putting a large decals
on or if you'd like one of these for
your car come to neko club com or nissan
versa org